Implement autonaming configuration protocol (#3377)
pulumi/pulumi-kubernetes: CHANGELOG.md

## Unreleased

> - Respect autonaming configuration specified by the engine.
>   (https://github.com/pulumi/pulumi-kubernetes/issues/3363)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Added

- Added support for autonaming configuration specified by the engine.
  (https://github.com/pulumi/pulumi-kubernetes/issues/3363)
```
